no I stone here is finest together
some
another place directly on the shore with
good access and parking is the little
town of golden a bit further downriver
at the N 74 the name golden stems from
the Irish word and kollene meaning
something like where the River forks
that is exactly what the sure does here
it Forks and forms an island on which
the remains of a medieval castle stand
there is a very impressive old bridge
across the two forks of the river and
from here you can fish up and down above
the bridge the left bank is better to
walk below it is the right one that
offers better access and fishing there
is a long uninterrupted stretch and
that's what dietrich is going to try
that's what I'm catching all day these
fellows you see
it has rained all night again the water
is slightly colored and rising and it is
August altogether not really good
conditions for catching fish
this stretch below golden is varied with
glides and Weir's and rear pools but
also fast runs and slow pools can be
found here
Diedrich should catch fish in the three
quarter pound region but of the 20 or so
trout he caught only four or five were
bigger than the fingerling he showed us
earlier directly by the river there are
the ruins of a 10th century Augustinian
abbey this was once the largest of his
kind in Ireland no matter how good the
fishing you should spend some time here
to have a look at this magnificent place